I want to create a web application, an interactive web application, that makes it easy to keep a record of people who are waiting to speak.

Imagine we have a set, a fixed number of people. Each person is given a number, and they have a physical card with this number printed on it, and they have a name, and they have where they're from. I would also like to keep track of their gender, which age decade they fall in, and their race. Really, whether it's white or Persian, or non-white or Persian.

So, we have all of these people. These are all the delegates who are participating in the discussion. When a delegate wants to speak, he raises the card he has with the number on it. A person sitting at a computer notes this number down into their view of this web app.

So the web application is going to have two modes. It'll have a spectator mode and an administrator mode. Likely, that would best be reflected by having two different passwords that you use to get into the application.

If you're in spectator mode, here's what you see. You see in a large font with a bright color the number and the name of the person who's currently speaking. you see in a slightly smaller form and less bright color the number and the name of the next person who's about to speak after them. And then in an even smaller font and less bright color, you see the number and the name of the person who's after them. Because these three people are all on deck. One is speaking, one is getting ready to approach the podium, and one is getting ready to be in the second slot.

Then there is everyone else. Now the first, say, 20 people after that, I would like to know what their number is and what their name is. And then after that, I want to see just numbers. And they should look like kind of graphical representation of the kinds of cards that we give them printed out. And also shown in a nice grid so that all this information is very clear and easy to see and should never need any scrolling. And for example, if there's 179 different people, it should be possible to see a queue of up to 80 different people waiting to speak. Of course, that many people won't ever have a chance to speak, so really maybe the limit is 50 of names, numbers, or just numbers that we want to see.

There should also be an indication of whether this person has spoken before. If their card is yellow, for example, or some brighter color, then it means that they have never spoken before. And if their color is blue or some darker color, it means that they have spoken before. People who have not spoken before always have priority over those who have spoken. So no matter what the current list is of people waiting to speak, if someone who has never spoken before raises their card and the administrator enters that number in, that name should go to the top of the list. It should not preempt the people who are on deck. So the three people who are on deck, their position is fixed once they're there. But for the people who are below them, that's the list where those who haven't spoken before can jump the queue.

And so there's, as I said, there's two views. So I've been mainly describing the spectator view. The administrator view, they're allowed to do one of two things. They can either edit the list of people, so that allows them to change all of the details. What is the assigned number? What is the name? Where are they from? What is their gender, race, and age? And they can edit all of these details very easily. The other thing that they can do is have an entry where they can add in the next person to speak. And they see a more structured list of who's up to speak next. So instead of it being a nice little display with up to 50 entries and people on deck the way that the spectator view is, the administrator view is just a list of numbers and names. And they get to see who's going to be on deck next and then who are all the people after them and etc. It's the same view as what the spectator sees, but it's a little more straightforward and a little more plain.

Then on top of all of this, I kind of want a little visualization of two things. The first thing is, I want an indicator with three parts. And these three parts are like three levers that could be in an all the way up position, an all the way down position, or anywhere in between. And what these three levers indicate, the first lever goes towards the top if more men have been speaking and towards the bottom if more women have been speaking the second lever goes towards the top if more older people have been speaking and towards the bottom if more younger people have been speaking actually reverse that the first one should be towards the top if more female have been speaking towards the bottom if more men have been speaking the second one is towards the top if more young people have been speaking, towards the bottom if more older people have been speaking, and the third one would be towards the top if more non-white people have been speaking, non-white or Persian, and towards the bottom if more white or Persian people have been speaking. That way, if all of the levers are going towards the bottom together, then we would know that we have a lot of older white men dominating the conversation. So this isn't going to be indicated or described. It'll just be three little levers off on the side and it will be optional in the spectator view. Like this is something that when the spectator view is being set up on the monitor could be turned on or turned off, but the administrator view would always see it.

The other would be a nice little visualization of a garden. And the garden will transition between two different states. A state where there's very little in the garden and it's mostly deserty with desert plants like a cactus and those types of things. And then 32 different images in between that each move that garden more and more and more towards being a lush, vibrant garden with beautiful flowers. And the way that we choose which one of these images is shown is based on how much time people have been taking to speak.

So every person going up to speak is given three minutes. If they finish before the three minutes is up and the administrator will have a button that they can press to start the clock for the person who is up at the podium. Well, each time a person's number goes to the first position, that means they're at the podium. Their clock starts automatically. They have a three minute clock. And when the next person goes to the top of the list, which the administrator can very easily specify by just pressing a button, then the clock of the first person stops and the clock of the next person starts. This clock can also be paused by the administrator.

If the first person finishes before the three minutes, this adds towards the quantity that moves the imagery towards the lush garden. The more that they are beyond their three minutes, this moves the imagery towards the desert. And this is just an indication of how much the participants are giving time to their fellow speakers after them. It should start out as the lush garden, by the way. And so if there's a constant stream of people taking too long to speak, then this would keep moving the imagery towards the garden, I mean towards the desert, and it wouldn't be moving back towards the lush garden unless they were giving time back and finishing early and giving the people after time to speak.

The other thing that this administrator interface should keep track of is how much time each person took to speak at the times that they spoke and also how much total time each person has spoken over the whole course of the engagement. also whether they've spoken before or not. And it should be very possible for the administrator to indicate that a certain session is a session where people are not being tracked as having spoken. When that switch is set, then speaking during that session does not reflect that person as having spoken before, nor does it count in the record as them having spoken. But we will keep track of the total times that they spoke, and also the total and also the number of times that they spoke where we recorded them as having spoken. Because that's an official designation that we give to their speaking engagement.

If there's any other statistics that you can think of to keep track of in the database for post-analysis, that would be great. We also want to keep track of percentage participation, percentage participation by gender, by age, by racial category. We want to know average length that people spent, each person spent speaking, the total time spent speaking overall by everyone, how many different people spoke, and various statistics like this. This should be a statistics page that is accessible in the administrator account.

And that's all. I would love to see how this turns out so that I could then suggest maybe some future changes.
